>> Scott Moss: Some of the things I want
to talk about is just like what you can do
going forward.
First, figure out what layer you
want to install GraphQL, right?
So far, I'm gonna show you how
to embed GraphQL into Azure API.
But GraphQL can be installed in many
different places, it can sit in between
your client and your API, it can sit
on your API, it can sit on the edge.
So you can run GraphQL
on the edge on a CDN.
There's so
many layers on where you can put GraphQL.
So if you are in the boat of yeah, we were
thinking about GraphQL, but having to do
a complete refactor of our entire backend
sounds crazy, but we wanna use GraphQL.
Okay, make a server,
pick whatever language you want and
put GraphQL on that server.
And have that sit in front
of your actual backend and
your client talks to that GraphQL layer
and it treats it as like a API gateway.
So that'd be like GraphQL
as an API Gateway.
It's a great use case for
using it on the edge or
somewhere like that where it's
hosted in multiple regions.
That way you never have to configure
your backend at all and really what
your resolvers will look like, instead
of talking directly to the database,
your resolvers would make an HTTP
request to your server, right?
That's what the data source would be, it'd
be an HTTP request to your actual server
that isn't using GraphQL, but the GraphQL
is the one that's resolving it.
So that's how you could do that.
So yeah, figure out what you wanna do,
where you wanna install it, and
then I would say,
figure out what framework you wanna use.
We've been using Apollo,
this was really cool.
This is probably my favorite one.
So I would recommend
checking this one out.
I mean, it's all mostly the same.
You give it a schema,
you give it some resolvers, but
I've always had better luck with the
SWIFT, their API's, it's a lot cleaner.
So highly recommend checking that out.
It's part of what's called the guild,
it's either built by Apollo or
some folks that used to work at Apollo.
But it's like an organization who
is just building cool shit for
GraphQL is the best way I can describe it.
So they have all different types
of things that they built in here,
each one of these modules,
it has something to do with GraphQL.
So for instance, server side events, which
if you don't know, is a way you can send
a message from the server to a client,
kinda like WebSockets, but just.
Or it's like HTTP, but inverse,
you're sending a request to the client.
They have WebSockets.
They have all different types of things.
They got custom scalars,
you can do all different types of stuff.
So highly recommend checking them out,
if anybody's doing anything in
GraphQL it's gonna be these folks.
So give that a look.
Some other things you want to check
out are gonna be GraphQL Federation.
>> Scott Moss: So GraphQL Federation, the
name has changed over and over and over.
It used to be called schema stitching.
It used to be called so many things,
but basically here's a good diagram.
Imagine if you had many services,
whether you made them or not, but
they all use GraphQL.
You can have one GraphQL schema that
stitches them all together, and
you can delegate which fields
resolve to what schema,
whether that schema is remote or
local, it'll resolve to it.
And that way your client
only has to talk to one.
So it's really great for
intercommunication with microservices if
they all had GraphQL, which is the exact
line that they talk about right here.
So this is how you would do it
without GraphQL, you have your client,
gotta talk to this.
It also has to talk to this.
It also has to talk to this, with GraphQL
Federation, you move more into this.
The client just talks to this one thing
and this aggregates all of this data,
and the communication
layer here is all GraphQL.
So I reccomend checking that out.
I guess they call it a supergraph now and
schema federation and
things like that, or
a subgraph, I should say.
Wait, no, there's a supergraph and
a subgraph,
I can't keep up with these terms.
So I recommend checking that out,
it's actually quite powerful.
A lot of developer facing products now
offer GraphQL schemas publicly and
there's just more and more being added.
Like GitHub has a GraphQL API, that's
the only one that I use because it's so
much better.
You can even go explore it, right?
So from the GitHub GraphQL API,
I'm pretty sure they have an explorer tool
similar to the one that we just saw,
here it is.
You can explore the GitHub API.
You just gotta sign in and
you can do all the things here
the way that we've been doing.
It looks a little different,
but it's the same thing.
So highly recommend checking
out Federation stuff.
And lastly, I recommend diving into, and
maybe I'll create a course in this in
the future, but more production stuff.
There are a lot of things that you
really need to think about when going to
production with GraphQL
around like caching.
Because if everything's a post request and
the URL is entirely the same,
that kinda breaks the traditional caching
on the network layer that we're used to.
If you think of like network layer
caching, it's typically like a combination
of this URL plus this verb, and
it's typically GET requests.
You don't typically cache POST requests.
That breaks, everything's the same URL,
everything's the same verb.
So how do you create a key?
What is the cache digest key?
How do you compose that?
Is that created from
the content of the query?
How do you create a unique key,
and things like that?
There are different tools out there.
There's paid products, so figure out
caching on the network layer, but
also caching on the execution layer.
Are you using Redis when you
make these resolver calls,
are you using something like data loader
per request, indexing strategies.
It really changes a lot, so
what I just showed you is how
you build an application.
But deploying it with a bunch of users and
data, there's a lot that goes into it,
that are as quite different than rest.
So I recommend checking
some of that stuff out.
But if you haven't checked out
the client side GraphQL course,
please check that out.
It works on the same app, but builds
the client side that makes these queries.
They kinda go hand in hand if you
wanna see the complete picture.
So, yeah, other than that,
thanks for coming.
>> Speaker 2: All right, here.
[APPLAUSE]